[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1976 sports drama film rocky
so let's get started in late 1975 the
heavyweight boxing world champion Apollo
Creed announces plans to hold the title
bout in Philadelphia during the upcoming
United States Bicentennial
however he has informed five weeks from
the fight date that his opponent is
unable to compete Creed decides to give
the local Rocky Balboa known as the
Italian stallion a chance to challenge
him after several weeks of training
rocky accepts help from gym owner Mickey
meanwhile rocky meets Adrian and they
begin a romantic relationship the night
before the fight rocky confesses to
Adrian that he does not expect to win
but he wants to go the distance against
Creed which no fighter has done in the
first round of the fight rocky takes
advantage of Creed's overconfidence and
knocks him down for the first time ever
the fight goes for the full 15 rounds as
the final bell sounds both fighters
promise to each other that there will be
no rematch after the fight rocky
repeatedly calls out to Adrian who joins
him in the ring as Creed is declared the
winner by virtue of a split decision so
that was the spoilers for rocky if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching